Contact
Bringing everyone together, for effective relief efforts
Liefbase’s mission is to create dependable, secure, and user friendly platforms to help relief organizations, governments, and the public better collaborate during relief efforts.
Our team
Team lead & Developer
Developer & Finances
Developer
Designer
Technical Writer & Marketing
Some things that matter to us
Transparency and Accountability
We believe that transparency and accountability between disaster relief organizations, government organizations, and the public will save time and resources, promote stronger relationships, and foster collaboration.
Integrity and Security
We offer secure and confidential platforms that provide organizations and the public with assurance that their data and personal information will be safeguarded against loss or theft, unauthorized access, alteration or disclosure.
Impartiality and Neutrality
Our goal is developing tools accessible to all organizations and persons during relief efforts. We are committed to working with all people and organizations fairly, without any discrimination on the basis of race, colour, ancestry, nationality, religion, physical or mental disability, age, sex, gender identity, or sexual orientation.
Demo request
We will get back to you as soon as possible to arrange a demo.
Please provide an explanation about who you are and why you would like a demo.
We would love to hear from you!
Thanks so much, we will get back to you soon.
Please contact us with any questions, concerns, or feature requests.
We appreciate your support!
Liefbase is developing platforms to help communities and organizations around the world work together in times of stress. We believe that rather than charging all of our users to use the platform, we should instead give people the opportunity to donate and help others when they are in need. In disasters and relief efforts we are all on the same side and your donations help keep the Liefbase community growing and cohesive.
Rest assured that the donations you make today may help get resources to people in need in times of stress.
Thanks,
The Liefbase Team
Your hub for managing relief efforts
A communication and collaboration platform for disaster relief and humanitarian relief efforts.
REQUEST A DEMO
Liefbase is a communication and collaboration platform designed to help disaster relief organizations better manage and share information during relief efforts.
Features
FILTERING
Users can choose what layers or pieces of information they would like to see. Information can be filtered by category, organization, or specific resources or hazards.
CUSTOMIZABLE FUNCTIONALITY
Users can customize their experience by creating and modifying map information, map layers, and saving past searches.
REAL TIME UPDATING
Online maps will update automatically, in real-time, as users add new information.
Coming Soon
SHARED ENVIRONMENTS
Organizations will be able to manage their own maps or choose to share maps and map information with other stakeholders for collaboration purposes.
REPORT GENERATION
Users will be able to generate reports summarizing the effectiveness of relief efforts for presentations and archiving purposes.
OFFLINE SUPPORT
Users will be able to export and print maps for offline support in relief zones.
CUSTOM ACCESS
Users will be able to assign custom viewing and editing access to individuals, teams and organizations.
LEGACY IMPORTS
Organizations will be able to import their pre-existing map data.
Future Plans
In the near future we would like to begin development on mobile applications for offline support, data collection, and communication.
Request a Demo
Developing a platform that meets the needs and requirements of our customers is our number one priority. Contact us for a demo so that we can let you know what our plans are and you can help us shape the future platform.
Ready for a Demo?
